warning: The `fitz` API is deprecated and will be removed in future. Use `import pymupdf` instead.
URL: https://www.adelard.com/media/vfngprxq/divchap.pdf
Type: PDF
Pattern: difficulty|identical|similar (error|failure)|Eckhardt|coincident failure|output space|same wrong|same incorrect (22 matches in 41924 chars)

--- Content ---

2190:...y summarising research in this
area, reviewing the practical application of diversity, and discussing where diversity can be
most effectively applied.
2  N-version Programming Research
One underlying assumption behind N-version programming is that independent developments
will produce diverse program faults and this will minimise the likelihood of coincident failures.
A much stronger assumption is that “ideal” diverse software would exhibit failure
independence. In this model the probability of simultaneous failure of a pair of programs A
and B is simply PfA.PfB where Pf is the probability of failure for a program execution.
Over the years a range of experiments have been mounted to test these underlying assu...
--
8807:...ults were
found compared with earlier experiments (e.g. around 0.5 faults/KLOC after one acceptance
test, 0.05 after both acceptance tests). This is a significant improvement on around 3
faults/KLOC for the Knight and Leveson experiment and 1 fault/KLOC for the NASA
experiment.
Perhaps the most important improvement to be noted is the reduction in identical or very
similar faults. The following table shows how many similar faults were created during
development and includes both common implementation faults and specification faults. The
table also shows the fault span (the number of versions in which the same fault exists).
3

Experiment
Similar faults
Max fault span
Versions
Knight and Leveson
8
4
2...
--
11291:... a fault-masking triple would
increase to 94%.
In the NASA experiment, the largest fault span is 5 (out of 10 faulty versions). Using a figure
of 75% for the odds of a version that is fault-free or dissimilar, the odds of failure masking
4

triple increase to 84%. This estimate is probably an upper bound since dissimilar faults do not
guarantee dissimilar failures, so complete masking of failures is not guaranteed.
Similar analyses can be performed for a fail-safe pair (a configuration that is often used in
shutdown systems). In this case, a fail-safe action is taken if either channel disagrees, so the
pair is only unsafe if both channels are faulty. This would occur with probability (1-p)2, which
means th...
--
13694:...t fact that it had built on
the experience of an earlier experiment [Dun86].
At the time there was some dispute over the results of this experiment, particularly over the
realism of an experiment which used students rather than professional software developers.
However, the results of the empirical study were supported by a theoretical analysis of
coincident failure [Eck85] which showed that, if mistakes were more likely for some specific
input values, then dependent failures would be observed. This theory was later refined [Lit89]
to show that it was possible to have cases where dependent failures occurred less frequently
than predicted by the independence assumption. The underlying idea here is that the “degree of
difficulty” distribution is not necessarily the same for all implementors. If the distribution can
be altered by using different development processes, then failures are likely to occur in different
regions of the input space, so the failures could in principle be negatively correlated.
5

Another experimental evaluation of failure dependency was made in a f...
--
14850:...ence, this experiment measured the degree of
dependency between the faults in early versions of the PODS programs (which contained both
specification- and implementation-related faults).
The experiment used modified versions of the original PODS programs where individual faults
could be switched on, so it was possible to measure the individual and coincident failure rates
of all possible fault pairs and make comparisons with the independence assumption. For
comparison purposes a dependency factor D was defined as the ratio of actual coincident
failure rate to that predicted by the independence assumption, i.e.:
D=Pab/(Pa.Pb)
The observed distribution of dependency factors for the fault pairs is summarised in ...
--
16058:...t Pairs
On analysis, it was found that the strongly negatively correlated failures occurred between
similar functions in the two diverse programs, however the faults exhibited a failure bias on a
binary value. In one program the failure (when it occurred) produced a “1”, while in the other
program, the failure value was always “0”. This meant that coincident failures would never
occur because one function was always correct when the diverse function was faulty. Such
biased failures are an interesting example of a specific mechanism which could result in
negatively correlated failures.
Most of the positively correlated (high dependency factor) fault pairs were related to the known
common mode faults caused by ...
--
18025:...a common “shutter” for the internal errors and will tend to open
simultaneously on both versions because it is controlled by common program input values.
This “shutter effect” results in correlation of the externally observed failures; high internal
error rates have low externally observable failure rates (due to shutter closure), but exhibit high
coincident failure rates (when the shutter opens).
In the case of the OR gate, it can be shown that for independent internal failures, the
dependency factor approximates to 1/P0, where P0 is the probability of observing a zero
(logical false) at the OR output in a fault-free program. This dependency level is not affected
by the error rates of the internal faults, wh...
--
20423:...xamples, there is very little scope for error masking. For
example the RSDIMU inertial measurement system [Kel88] has a limited number of inputs and
performs arithmetic computations which have limited potential for masking. This is also true
for the aircraft automatic lander example [Avi88]. If error masking were the only source of
dependency, low coincident failure rates might be expected. In practice, the reliability
improvements for arbitrary triples were still limited by dependent failures.
The NASA program versions contained significant numbers of near-identical design and
specification-related faults (largely caused by misunderstanding of the specification or by a
lack of understanding of the problem). This affected the achieved reliability very markedly and
a statistically unbiased estimation of the reliability showed that the average failure rate of a
triple was only 4 times lower than a single version...
--
21669:...ability improvements of possibly one order of
magnitude, but the others (containing a high proportion of similar faults) exhibited very modest
improvements (e.g. 10% of the triples gave a 20% reduction or less).
While common faults were the major cause of poor performance, it is interesting to note that
two dissimilar faults lead to high levels of coincident failure. This may again be an inherent
feature of the program function (but unrelated the error masking effect). In the NASA
experiment there is one function called the Fault Detection and Isolation (FDI) module. This
module is responsible for detecting faulty sensors so that subsequent modules can compute the
acceleration using the remaining good sensors...
--
22411:...lts affected this module.
A fault in this module should cause too many (or too few) sensors to be used. In either
circumstance the computed result will disagree with the “golden” value. The significant feature
is that failures in the faulty versions are likely to coincide with a change in the failure status of
a sensor. This would cause a burst of coincident failures (even if the reasons for the sensor
diagnosis errors differ).
The reliability improvements achieved in the UI/RI flight controller example are somewhat
better. Using the versions obtained after acceptance test 1 (AT1), the reliability improvement
for an average triple was around 13. This estimate did not include the error correction
capability of...
--
25008:... that could affect the decision to adopt N-version
programming. Some of the key areas are examined below.
3.1  Maintaining consistency
N-version programming can impose additional design constraints in order to deal with the
diversity in computation. The problems of dealing with such differences in computed values
9

were noted in [Bri89]. The main difficulty is that, within some given precision, there can be
multiple correct answers—any of the answers would be acceptable but to maintain consistency,
one should be chosen. This is particularly important where the program reaches a decision
point where alternative but incompatible actions may be taken. A simple example of this is a
railway interlocking s...
--
26195:...ve consistency, diverse programs must implement cc-points
to perform a vote at all key decision points. This design constraint is not unique to diverse
designs. Quite often redundant channels with common software require cc-points to ensure
consistency of action (e.g. for multiple sensor readings which can have slightly different
values). The main difficulty with cc-points in diverse programs is that they impose additional
design constraints which could compromise the diversity of the software designs.
The above discussion shows that design constraints have to be imposed in order to implement
consistent comparisons when decisions are based on numerically imprecise data. It is therefore
easiest to appl...
--
32038:...t from the beginning, it was recognised that N-version programming was vulnerable to
common faults. The primary source of common faults arose from ambiguities and omissions in
the specification. Provided the difficulties with the specification were resolved, it was hoped
that the implementation faults would be dissimilar and exhibit a low level of coincident failure
(possibly approaching the levels predicted under the independence assumption). The Knight
and Leveson experiment did a service to the computing community as a whole by showing that
failure independence of design faults cannot be assumed.
This result is backed up by later experiments and qualitative evidence from a number of
sources which shows that common design mistakes can be made. Also, from a theoretical
standpoint, it has been shown that any variation in the degree of difficulty for particular input
values will result in failure dependency. Furthermore the error masking phenomenon has been
identified as an explicit mechanism that will cause failure dependency.
This may paint too gloomy a picture of the potential for N-version programming, because:
11

• Back-to-back testing can certainly help to eliminate design faults, e...
--
33894:...uite low, and so two fault-free diverse programs will have no problem
out-voting the single faulty one.
This is essentially a gambling argument—and it might be reasonable to ask whether you would
bet your life on the outcome; however you can only compare this option with the
alternative—betting your life on a single program. The relative risks are identical with a 50%
probability of a fault-free version and the residual risk only moves slowly in favour of a diverse
triple as the probability increases (3 times less risk at 90%, 30 times less at 99%).
This argument presupposes that the chance of a fault-free program would be the same in either
case. However N-version programming could improve the proba...
--
38649:...y of Nuclear Power Plants, London, May 1988
[Dah79] 
G. Dahll and J. Lahti, “An investigation into the methods of production and
verification of highly reliable software”, Proc. SAFECOMP 79
[Dun86] 
J.R. Dunham, “Experiments in software reliability: life critical applications”,
IEEE Trans. Software Engineering, Vol SE-12, No. 1, 1986
[Eck85] 
D.E. Eckhardt and L.D. Lee, “A Theoretical Basis for the Analysis of Multi-
version Software Subject to Coincident Failures”, IEEE Trans. Software
Engineering, Vol. SE-11, No. 12, 1985
[Eck91]
D.E. Eckhardt, A.K. Caglayan, J.C. Knight, L.D. Lee, D.F. McAllister, M.A.
Vouk and J.P.J. Kelly, “An experimental evaluation of software redundancy as a
13

strategy for improving reliability”, IEEE Trans. Software Eng., vol. SE-17, no. 7,
pp. 692–702, 1991
[Gme80] 
L. Gmeiner and U. Voges, “Software diversity in reactor protection systems: an
experiment”, in ...
--
39833:...Ericsson System for Safety Control”, Software Diversity in
Computerised Control Systems, U. Voges, Ed., Springer Verlag, 1988
[Kel83] 
J.P.J. Kelly and A. Avizienis, “A specification-oriented multi-version software
experiment”, in Thirteenth International Symposium on Fault Tolerant
Computing (FTCS 13), Milan, June 1983
[Kel88] 
J.P.J. Kelly, D.E. Eckhardt, M.A. Vouk, D.F. McAllister, A. Caglayan, “A Large
Scale Second Generation Experiment in Multi-Version Software: Description and
Early Results”, in Eighteenth International Symposium on Fault Tolerant
Computing (FTCS 18), Tokyo, June 1988
[Kni86a] 
J.C. Knight and N.G. Leveson, “An Experimental Evaluation of the Assumption
of Independence in Multi...
--
40849:...oftware
Fault Detection Methods”, IFAC SAFECOMP 88, Fulda Germany, Nov. 1988
[Lev90] 
N.G. Leveson, S.S. Cha, J.C. Knight and T.J. Shimeall, “The use of Self Checks
and Voting in Software Error Detection: An Empirical Study”, IEEE Trans.
Software Engineering, Vol. 16, No. 4, April 1990
[Lit89] 
B. Littlewood and D. Miller, “Conceptual modelling of coincident failures in
multi-version software”, IEEE Trans on Software Engineering, vol. SE-15, no.
12, pp.1596–1614, 1989.
[Lyu92] 
M.R. Lyu, “Software reliability measurements in an n-version software execution
environment”, Proc. Int’l Symp. Software Reliability Engineering, Oct 1992
[Lyu93] 
M.R. Lyu and Y. He, “Improving the N-Version Programming Process Throug...
