warning: The `fitz` API is deprecated and will be removed in future. Use `import pymupdf` instead.
URL: https://www.csc.kth.se/utbildning/kth/kurser/DA2210/vettig13/Seminarier/KnightLeveson.pdf
Type: PDF
Pattern: identical|same (wrong|incorrect)|difficult|coincident|independen.*reject|99%|1,255|1255|similar (5 matches in 7566 chars)

--- Content ---

453:...
on Software Engineering 12(1): 96-109. 
 
N-version programming has been proposed as a method of incorporating fault tolerance into software. 
Multiple versions of a program (i.e. 'N') are prepared and executed in parallel. Their outputs are collected 
and examined by a voter, and, if they are not identical, it is assumed that the majority is correct. This method 
depends for its reliability improvement on the assumption that programs that have been developed 
independently will fail independently. An experiment is described in which the fundamental axiom is tested. 
In all, 27 versions of a program w...
--
1474:...und in the programs. Background information on the programmers used is also summarized. 
 
The Problem 
 
Critical software applications, such as mission-critical and, in particular, safety-critical 
applications, have the constraint that they cannot fail.  The nature of software makes this 
a very difficult objective to achieve in most cases.  In hardware design, one approach is 
to introduce redundant hardware components into highly reliable hardware based 
systems.  These redundancies of the components are taken advantage of by asking each 
component to do a computation.  The individual results are ...
--
5065:...rms comparison of real-number values was provided to 
each student with instructions to use the function.  This was necessary to avoid 
programs with numerical rounding. 
• There was no description of what measures were taken to insure that the Pascal 
version of the oracle program was behaviorally identical to the FORTRAN version.  
Presumably, the same tests used to conclude that the FORTRAN program was highly 
reliable were run against the Pascal version, but this was not mentioned. 

• The approach, as described, appears reasonable and sound.  A question, though, is 
how was the development of the ...
--
6813:.... 
 
 
Experimental Results 
 
• Failure for a given n-version program was defined as a discrepancy between the 241 
data values collected for that program and those values collected from the oracle 
program. 
• Of the 27 programs, 6 reported no failure whatsoever; 21 were successful for more 
than 99% of the test cases; 23 out of the 27 programs were successful for more than 
99.9% of the test cases. 
• Several programs failed on the same test case; most common failures were where two 
programs failed on the same test case (551); the most extreme common failure 
occurred when eight programs failed on a common test case twice. 
• The results of the statistical analysis were significance at α = 0.01 for a 99% 
confidence interval (z-score was 100.55).  Thus, the null hypothesis was rejected in 
favor of the alternate hypothesis. 
 
Presentation 
 
The presentation of the experiment was done very well.   However, a description of the 
controls placed on the oracle program and test driver should have been...
