warning: The `fitz` API is deprecated and will be removed in future. Use `import pymupdf` instead.
URL: https://dspace.mit.edu/server/api/core/bitstreams/1331578f-65c1-4665-a0be-1bc3cdc001d5/content
Type: PDF
Pattern: identical|same (wrong|incorrect)|difficult|coincident|1255|independen.*reject|output (35 matches in 70128 chars)

--- Content ---

507:...Virginia 
 
Charlottesville, Virginia, 22903 
Nancy G. Lev eson 
Department of Computer Science 
University of California 
Irvine, California, 92717 
ABSTRACT 
N-version programming has been proposed as a method of incorporating fault tolerance into software. 
Multiple versions of a program (i.e. ‘‘N’’) are prepared and executed in parallel. Their outputs are collected 
and examined by a voter, and, if they are not identical, it is assumed that the majority is correct. This 
method depends for its reliability improvement on the assumption that programs that have been developed 
independently will fail independently. In this paper an experiment is described in which the fundamental 
axiom is tested. A total of twenty seven versions of a program were prepared independen...
--
2248:...CTION 
Multi-version or N-version programming [1] has been proposed as a method of providing fault 
tolerance in software. The approach requires the separate, independent preparation of multiple (i.e. ‘‘N’’) 
versions of a piece of software for some application. These versions are executed in parallel in the 
application environment; each receives identical inputs and each produces its version of the required 
outputs. The outputs are collected by a voter and, in principle, they should all be the same. In practice 
there may be some disagreement. If this occurs, the results of the majority (assuming there is one) are 
assumed to be the correct output, and this is the output used by the system. 
Separate development can start at different points in the software development process. Since each 
version of the software must provide the same functional capability, there must exist some common form of 
system requirements document. Coordination must also exist if the versions are to provide data to the 
voter, especially if intermediate data is compared as well as the ﬁnal output data. Obviously, all design 
speciﬁcation must be redundant and independent for the versions to have any chance of avoiding common 
design faults. An interesting approach to dual speciﬁcation was used by Ramamoorthy et al. [2] where two 
independent speciﬁcations were written in a formal speciﬁcation language and then formal mathematical 
techniqu...
--
6058:.... Common Failure Mode Analysis is used in critical hardware systems in an attempt to 
determine and minimize common failure modes. 
If the assumption of independence is not born out in practice for an N-version software system, it 
would cause the analysis to overestimate the reliability. Recent work [7] has shown that even small 
probabilities of coincident errors cause a substantial reduction in reliability. This could be an important 
practical problem since N-version programming is being used in existing crucial systems and is planned for 
others. For instance, dual programming has been used in the slat and ﬂap control system of the Airbus 
Industrie A310 aircraft [8]. The two programs are executed by different microprocessors operating 
- 2 ­ 

asynchronously. The outputs of the two microprocessors are compared continuously, and any difference 
greater than a deﬁned threshold causes the system to disconnect after a preset time delay. On the A310, it 
is sufﬁcient to know that there has been a failure as backup procedures allow the continued safe ﬂight and 
landing of the aircraft. Dual programming has also been ap...
--
7857:...ment 
methodologies for the design of nuclear reactor safety systems. 
A common argument [2,10,12] in favor of dual programming is that testing of safety-critical real-
time software can be simpliﬁed by producing two versions of the software and executing them on large 
numbers of test cases without manual or independent veriﬁcation of the correct output. The output is 
assumed correct as long as both versions of the programs agree. The argument is made that preparing test 
data and determining correct output is difﬁcult and expensive for much real-time software. Since it is 
assumed ‘‘unlikely’’ that two programs will contain identical faults, a large number of test cases can be run 
in a relatively short time and with a large reduction in effort required for validation of test results. 
In addition, it has been argued that each individual version of the software can have lower reliability 
than would be necessary if only one version were produced. The higher required software r...
--
9101:...] that elaborate software development environments and procedures will be unnecessary 
- 3 ­ 

and that mail-order software could be obtained from hobbyist programmers. 
The important point to note is that all of the above arguments in favor of using redundant 
programming hinge on the basic assumption that the probability of common mode failures (identical 
incorrect output given the same input) is very low for independently developed software. Therefore, it is 
important to know whether this assumption is correct. 
Several previous experiments have inv olved N-version programming, but none have focused on the 
issue of independence. In two [2,11] independence was assumed and therefore not tested. In each of these, 
the two versions developed were assumed to be correct if the two outputs from the test cases agreed and no 
attempt was made to verify independently the correctness of the output. Thus common errors would not 
necessarily have been detected. In other experiments, common errors were observed but since 
independence was not the hypothesis being tested, the design of the experiments make it impossible to draw 
any statistically valid conclusions. Kelly and Avizienis [3,4] report ﬁnding 21 related faults, one common 
fault was...
--
12394:... 
In graduate and senior level classes in computer science at the University of Virginia (UVA) and the 
University of California at Irvine (UCI), students were asked to write programs from a single requirements 
speciﬁcation. The result was a total of twenty seven programs (nine from UVA and eighteen from UCI) all 
of which should produce the same output from the same input. Each of these programs was then subjected 
to one million randomly-generated test cases. 
In order to make the experiment realistic, an attempt was made to choose an application that would 
normally be a candidate for the inclusion of fault tolerance. The problem that was selected for 
programming is a simple (but realistic) a...
--
15888:...possibility of information being inadvertently transmitted by an informal verbal 
response, these few questions were submitted and answered by electronic mail. If a question revealed a 
general ﬂaw in the speciﬁcations, the response was broadcast to all the programmers. 
- 6 ­

Each student was supplied with ﬁfteen input data sets and the expected outputs for use in debugging. 
Once a program was debugged using these tests and any other tests the student developed, it was subjected 
to an acceptance test. The acceptance test was a set of two hundred randomly-generated test cases; a 
different set of two hundred tests were generated for each program. Different data sets were used for each 
program ...
--
17978:...ere subjected to the 
experimental treatment which consisted of simulation of a production environment. A test driver was built 
which generated random radar reﬂections and random values for all the parameters in the problem. All 
twenty seven programs were executed on these test cases, and the determination of success was made by 
comparing their output with a twenty-eighth version, referred to as the gold program. This program was 
originally written in FORTRAN for the RTI experiment and was rewritten in Pascal for this experiment. As 
part of the RTI experiment, the gold program has been subjected to several million test cases and we have 
- 7 ­ 

considerable conﬁdence in its accuracy. It was also subjected to an extensive structured walkthrough at 
UVA after translation to Pascal. 
A gold version was used so that a larger number of test cases could be executed than would be 
possible if manual checking of the outputs was performed. Naturally, it is possible (but very unlikely) that 
a common undetected fault existed in all 28 versions, including the gold version. This would have no effect 
on our ﬁnal results, however, and any additional undetected common faults would only strengthen our 
conclusion. 
A total of one million tests were run on the twenty seven ...
--
22436:...executed, each program produces a 15 by 15 Boolean array, a 15 element Boolean 
vector, and a single Boolean launch decision, for a total of 241 results. The program calculates these results 
from the simulated radar tracking data and various parameters, all of which are randomly generated for 
each test case. The launch condition is the only true output in this application. The other results are really 
intermediate although they must be produced since the speciﬁcations require them as part of the 
determination of the launch condition. For the programs written for this experiment, all these results must 
be supplied to the driver program during testing to allow for error detection. We record fai...
--
29247:... experiment, our null hypothesis is that the above is a correct model of the data. We can 
estimate the quantity Pmore from the observed probabilities of failure shown in table 1. There were twenty 
seven versions (i.e. N = 27), one million tests were executed (i.e. n = 1,000,000), and the number of tests in 
which more than one version failed was 1255 (i.e. K = 1255). With these parameters, the statistic z has the 
value 100.51. This is greater than 2.33 which is the 99% point in the the standard normal distribution, and 
so we reject the null hypothesis with a conﬁdence level of 99%. We conclude that the model does not hold. 
However, clearly the only potential problem with the model is that it is derived fr...
--
[10 more matches not shown]
