warning: The `fitz` API is deprecated and will be removed in future. Use `import pymupdf` instead.
URL: https://dspace.mit.edu/server/api/core/bitstreams/1331578f-65c1-4665-a0be-1bc3cdc001d5/content
Type: PDF
Pattern: same (incorrect|wrong)|identical (fault|incorrect|output|result)|more than one version failed|different (outputs|results)|particular input|difficult (4 matches in 70128 chars)

--- Content ---

7008:... the system to disconnect after a preset time delay. On the A310, it 
is sufﬁcient to know that there has been a failure as backup procedures allow the continued safe ﬂight and 
landing of the aircraft. Dual programming has also been applied to point switching, signal control, and 
trafﬁc control in the Gothenburg area by Swedish State Railways [9]. In the latter system, if the two 
programs show different results, signal lights are switched to red. Dual programming has further been 
proposed for safety systems in nuclear reactors. Voges, Fetsch, and Gmeiner [10] have proposed its use in 
the design of a reactor shutdown system which serves the purpose of detecting cooling disturbances in a 
fast breeder reactor and initializing automatic shutdown of the reactor in case of possible emergency. Also, 
both R...
--
8142:...ftware and executing them on large 
numbers of test cases without manual or independent veriﬁcation of the correct output. The output is 
assumed correct as long as both versions of the programs agree. The argument is made that preparing test 
data and determining correct output is difﬁcult and expensive for much real-time software. Since it is 
assumed ‘‘unlikely’’ that two programs will contain identical faults, a large number of test cases can be run 
in a relatively short time and with a large reduction in effort required for validation of test results. 
In addition, it has been argued that each individual version of the software can have lower reliability 
than would be necessary if only one version were produced. The higher required software reliability is 
* 
assumed to be obtained through the vot...
--
23503:...ty of the programs written for this experiment is remarkably high. Table 1 shows the 
observed failure rates of the twenty seven versions. Of the twenty seven, no failures were recorded by six 
versions and the remainder were successful on more than 99% of the tests. Twenty three of the twenty 
seven were successful on more than 99.9% of the tests. 
Table 2 shows the number of test cases in which more than one version failed on the same input. We 
ﬁnd it surprising that test cases occurred in which eight of the twenty seven versions failed. 
Where multiple failure occurred on the same input, it is natural to suspect that the failures occurred in 
the versions supplied by only one of the universities involved. It might be argued that students at the same 
university have a similar background and that this would tend t...
--
29214:...ion that is closely approximated by the standardized normal distribution. 
For this experiment, our null hypothesis is that the above is a correct model of the data. We can 
estimate the quantity Pmore from the observed probabilities of failure shown in table 1. There were twenty 
seven versions (i.e. N = 27), one million tests were executed (i.e. n = 1,000,000), and the number of tests in 
which more than one version failed was 1255 (i.e. K = 1255). With these parameters, the statistic z has the 
value 100.51. This is greater than 2.33 which is the 99% point in the the standard normal distribution, and 
so we reject the null hypothesis with a conﬁdence level of 99%. We conclude that the model does not hold. 
However, clearly the only potential problem with the model is that it is derived from the assumption of 
inde...
